In the last class you watched here at unifesp and tv the question is
teacher who teaches the student who learns has led us to know two new schools
ah work
want of life
the investigation revealed us tighten is dedication
are part of teachers' daily life and that the universalization of teaching
changed the life inside the schools as a teacher he looks beautiful
Teresina
to bring knowledge
now what the Alagoan people
only one
and in accordance with the interests of each
Today's class has as its theme the political-pedagogical project
after mass is the people
now it's time to review everything
the maternal grandmother's house
mathematics
now is wait
I think reading our school
here all phases
This yes or do not imagine the pay TV market
if all the schools the parents also if they did this I believe that everything will be
very old and also the political-pedagogical project he must have
a philosophy of formation
the event as battles
political-pedagogical project
it is an intention
in my point of view
he means
articulate
the school work
someway
feasible in a way that everyone
Use today to understand what the school has to do
he fulfilled his role
was looking for meaning of pedagogical political project
I entered the platform lattes
a database of curricula institutions in the areas of science and
technology
available on the internet
I found the name of the teacher maria lina alves doctor in education by
unicamp
watch again what she said about the political pedagogical project ppp
it was bad
articulate
the school work
someway
feasible in a way that everyone
Use today to understand what the school has to do
he fulfilled his role
what school has to do to fulfill its role
I remembered that in the text
relationship school society new answers to an old problem
antónio new alert here rethinking the school today is to bring to the
If the families are lost, the school can not
worry only
in looking at the sky a month or that group that is inside it if the community
not read what projects the pit is putting in the school goals so that the
community to become a user of writing
several times
the viaduct was to refer to the educator paulo freire to explain the project
political-pedagogical
every time i paulo freire was invited
to participate in a revolutionary project he said so
from now on all who can read and write are teachers
people have to help spread the word about
population
be a user of writing and learn to write to learn more about
importance of the political-pedagogical project in the vision of paulo
freire
we went to bauru de interior são paulo to talk with professors joseph
Nice is the first of the valley doctor in education
the image in the note
the kingston
here is a book
in a text
that I wrote about the thought of professor paulo teixeira right
let's locate on foot and who's here
pedagogy of paulo freire the search for unity of thought and action put
that the importance of paulo freire he
art is a ma important of teacher paulo
it is quite significant when we are dealing with the political-pedagogical project
Why is he a person here?
have hope have a dream
and the political-pedagogical project
It's something that we're going to do.
in a future
Professor Michelle is keen to make it clear
that this future team the frei refers to
It's close
the political-pedagogical project he must have
a philosophy of formation
formation of the organ has seven
in teresina
and what are you going to do school
I will do school to defeat the student in the best training the civic the great
problem in our school, especially in the early
is it to start the literacy process much better even better
why can read and write the conar is the basis of a literate culture
a painting forms in the vice-leadership
no student
the advanced no one is more who ground what the direction of the school
and the teachers
I gave them
Check all
the interests of the people
the words of the teacher arouse my curiosity
I enjoyed that I was practically on the side and went to são Carlos
my goal now
is to meet the state school eugenics franc
first put in idesp
index of education development of são paulo
and check following the advice of teacher misael
what are the interests of the students
the box is crossing
this cup of
the maternal grandmother's house
math we have the head
the audience can be said to be writing rather
my house
on television
the list with 75 meters I do not know if it will be me
in the case of snakes
before you
this guy guy says that the non-governmental accident
but this is not the first time in the first series
physical education from 1st to 4th also works
human body and the movements this is the teacher marta fusquinha
who directed the school until December 2013 the political-pedagogical project
each school
liu body
of policies
in education
social
it is a historic moment that the country is living
Do you need the citizen?
to Masonic
each for example
at the time to respect a place at half an hour
to keep it productive for him to be a productive person
said to them that they placed in the center of são paulo
there the citizen that you expect the one of são Carlos
I have some characteristics differ
in his pedagogical political project of a complete school